thank you for coming thank you hey by
the way I want to thank you for
something specifically you mentioned me
in one of your songs I said yeah I found
out about it immediately may I read the
line or do you remember the laughs I
don't really also today it went into the
bed close the lights and dim the drapes
always Matt Damon when you come Jimmy
Kimmel late oh yeah now I remember
yeah but what does that mean it means
he's a jerk right Matt Damon gets a bad
rap man you gotta let him come out here
on stage every night you just leave him
hanging Lucy and cut into your time I
don't think so yeah is there does that
mean would you kick somebody out or what
does it mean I think the verse I was
writing at the time is about like just
being tired of like spending all the
time in the studio I wanted to get home
uh-huh it's like it's like you're always
Matt Damon when you come home as late as
this TV show comes on I love that yeah
oh thank you please bring me any all of
your albums ma'am I think it makes me
cool even though when I went around and
told everyone you were supposed to be on
tour right now right this would be the
timing but your daughter was born yeah
and you decided to take paternity leave
to become the first rapper
how does that work when you're in charge
you have to put in a request with to
yourself how does that go yeah I mean I
guess the fans are kind of my bosses so
you got to let them know but uh you let
them know what like four days in advance
right yeah exactly like well yeah I
already got I already have a daughter
Kinsley she just turned four right
yesterday and uh she's very cute by the
way do you think so I ran into your mom
at a Shake Shack she only tells me every
day so she does okay yeah I've heard
though but you could tell the story okay
we just talked and then your daughter
was there we had a very nice time yeah
my daughter was there they're around the
same age oh I didn't she just keeps
telling about Jimmy Kimmel no copy this
and when my daughter gets a TV show then
sure but you have a four-year-old
daughter yeah and you well what made you
decide that like hey you know what I
need some time off it's like it's just
way harder honestly having two kids than
having one yeah you know yes hey you
know mathematically it makes sense but
like in my mind I didn't really it
didn't register until I actually had two
kids yeah and I just I being honest I
couldn't leave my wife at home with both
of them with the little one in the and
the big one yeah it was a group decision
so yeah she was just thrilled when it
when it went down that way yeah I think
so yeah yeah it's not just double when
you have two kids it's exponential isn't
it yeah it's very it's much much much
harder yeah you change diapers you do
feedings all that stuff people make the
diaper part seem so tough Oh much rather
do diapers if I didn't have to wake up
in the middle of the night yeah right
could be honestly if you can make the
choice between those things there's no
question I've gotta do it all solo so
you're really very involved it's not one
of those things where you're like hey
let's bring in the nanny I'm headed out
on the road yeah the last week I had to
come out here to LA I've I brought my
daughter with me and I was kind of like
bring your daughter to work day while I
was out here and she was super cool and
she didn't act a fool
which is great that's saying a lot but
when we had to fly back home I realized
how tough it is like traveling with a
with your child
she wasn't even awake it's just like
she's heavy I couldn't put her in the
seat I was just sitting awake the whole
time just like kind of nodding off and
I'm having a wake back up so yeah it is
hard there's no question about it yeah
your brother's here your brother Taylor
was on our show a few months ago and he
and by the way your brother Taylor you
guys look a lot alike first okay and
your dad is here is dad helping with the
baby yeah yeah my your brother's on
Taylor's on your album yeah your dad
co-wrote a song on me yeah yeah when you
whose idea was that was that his idea no
it was that was more that was on me my
dad actually so they say writer when
they look when you make music but just
in the music world so you know how it
works my dad plays flute so my dad
played on one of my records and they say
he wrote on it wait he didn't do the
lyrics are you about to sing they just
gave my dad a microphone you forgot the
flu you got anything travel piccolo or
something like that so your dad's oh so
your dad went your writing they mean the
music itself yes oh that yeah exactly
my uh my dad since I was like since I
was really young my dad like helped me
start my whole rapping thing that's
where I'm not independent now my dad
like started my t-shirt business my dad
got like rented out
Reggie's rock club in Chicago which is
it's a bad club in Chicago sorry
it's a he set me up in a lot of ways and
just gave me the confidence to do it so
it's cool that he's actually on the
track when we made the album yeah you
guys
[Music]
maybe that's where you learn to be a
good dad from your guy oh yeah
definitely will you set up a gig at
Reggie's rock club for the baby for the
baby is too fresh rice is too fresh yeah
yeah but can you ever be too fresh when
you found that you can't really exactly
is it true is it stuff that I know
you've said in the past that Kanye West
is your spiritual advisor
yeah Kanye's uh he's man he's so like
devoted right now like he's very
well-versed in the Bible at this point
in the Bible specifically yeah he's just
he's just reading a lot and like he's
memorizing passages from the Bible I
think so I mean the way that he talks to
me now it seems like he's just had them
memorized for years by Wow and to my
knowledge a lot of that stuff he learned
very recently really yeah and then but
this has been ongoing for some time now
yeah we've-- is this the Sunday service
thing that he's doing and the album that
comes out next week I think September 27
I feel like I'm on Kanye's press run
right yeah he's talking about what I
believe in and it's that Jesus is king
and so he's about to drop his album and
it expresses good news and yeah I
appreciate you're a very devout guy yeah
you really are and know it seems like
you abide but like it's not just one of
those those things that'll for a lot of
people it is yes it's it's a I mean
nobody's perfect we're all just learning
you know but it's like I think it's a
it's a crucial time that we all kind of
relearn what we're supposed to be doing
I agree with you all right well chance
the rapper's hear his albums called the
big day big boy what chance when we come
back chance rapper in addition to your
brother and your dad being on the album
you have let me go through the list some
of the people on this um and vogue
they're here with you tonight yeah I
love that
SWV another great girl get a woman group
Shawn Mendes John Legend Death Cab for
Cutie gucci mane nicki minaj and maybe
most interestingly randy newman yeah
randy newman's the saying you've got a
friend in me people I love LA and all
these so yeah that's were you a fan of
Randy Newman yeah a huge fan of Randy
Newman's uh outside of like his real
like you know obviously legendary
musical career with songs like short
people and stuff like that yeah he also
sang you got a friend in me so like
everybody that's my age toy store was
the first movie I got to go see in
theaters when my parents took me yeah
I'm 26 so I will I grew up on Toy Story
bug's life cars like he's the Disney man
and my album is about or based off on my
wedding day and when you get married
there's a lot of nostalgic feelings and
just remembering things so I felt like
trying to pick people from my childhood
and that expressed nostalgia oh no when
you base the album on as you said your
wedding day are used to on your wedding
day are you thinking about like that
that you're gonna write an album and
you're recording things as you go or do
you just look back at it it's kind of
yeah it's it's more like in hindsight
thing but I do remember a specific point
at my wedding
where they were do you know the
percolator
the percolator do you know the
percolator no well it's it's time for
the percolator and what you do is
regulator looks like this is like this
oh we got some for later
so anyway I thought it was an appliance
yeah I'm like at this way at this
wedding my cousin BMAC he he hit the
percolator which showed to the whole
nation and he was hitting it so
furiously that that it was clear to me
that like this was like a real moment
that a lot of people don't necessarily
get to see every day yeah
I wanted to get that feel because he was
very very happy and it wasn't his
wedding like I said this is my cousin
but he was he had this feeling of like
excitement for me that just like it was
like a moment I'll never forget
he was waiting he and then he it boils
over so that's what inspired you your
cousin doing the percolator yeah our
family weddings we do a dance to the
song cool it now by new addition I love
this and it goes like this cool it now
and watch out become a family something
about you were at the Laugh Factory
which is a comedy club and your wife did
she encouraged you or did she push you
to get on stage she was she so just just
a fun thing way this was in Chicago and
I actually used to spend a little time
at this little improv spot called
Thunderdome in Chicago so like I like
the comedy scene I like to like hang out
and so I went to the club and I got
wasted and I wouldn't say that my girl
encouraged me to go onstage but I would
say she caught she let me she gave up
because I was really
bent on getting on stage that high and I
just felt like it was my time and so I
got over there no material you have any
jokes in mind yeah so I've been out like
I said like I I believe that one day
I'll be a world famous comedian I see
and so I haven't lady you know I'm
saying like I'm doing a great job here
as well too so I feel like you know I'm
I'm a comedic guy so I got on the stage
I had my jokes about stupid stuff it was
really really corny stuff remember any
of those jokes I have a joke about about
the the the barbecue that everybody
talks about with a cookout okay you ever
heard about the cookout yes I had that I
know so they you know white people do
anything that's that slightly considered
black and they get invited to the
cookout are like this long bit where I
go into things that you'll see at the
cookout but you'll see it if you ever
catch my 20 minute set at uh at the
laughter in Chicago yeah I'm building up
I'm gonna make a make a whole thing oh
you are wow that's a lot of words you
might dissolve a cookout who knows well
we're gonna hear it so you got in vogue
here tonight yes that's great yeah this
is one of the things for you like hey I
like them yeah crawler and ask them to
be part of my thing yeah well like I
said like there's what at my wedding
there was a lot of dancing going on and
a lot of like just legendary music being
played when it's your wedding day like
that you got to have the right song yeah
the right mix yeah and and they and of
course invoke was was in there and I
just invoke song did you never gonna get
it never gonna get it which doesn't
really make sense because I definitely
got it yeah but it was like it's like
you just played dance song you just want
to dance hard I think yeah well we're
gonna be bitching and percolating and
doing all that stuff a little bit later
on tonight this is the big day it's
chance
I am Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it